hi guys it's very and the fugu chef
let's make a super easy pasta salad
today for lunch this is really really
nutritious we're going to use whole
wheat pasta I put some chicken in it you
don't have to if you want to keep a
vegetarian this is good let's make it
okay I have 12 ounces of cooked
whole-wheat pasta here I use little
spirals you can use any pasta you want
for this it is cooked al dente so it's
not mushy it still has a little bit of
give okay that's always important with
pasta I'm going to grate well actually
have three small carrots but one large
one would be fine
into this I'm going to add a
medium-sized cucumber i seated it peel
that of course and just you know cut it
and two tomatoes which I also peeled I'm
going to add a celery stock which I
chopped and two scallions I'm chopped
the whole thing the light green the dark
green I roasted some chicken thighs and
so I skinned two of them cooled them
down and just chop that so let's took
two chicken thighs you can use
rotisserie chicken boiled chicken
whatever you want for this doesn't have
to be roasted chicken thighs but that's
what I had and I'm going to add about
half a cup of sliced ripe olives we're
going to mix this
now this is something that you can keep
in the refrigerator for a couple days
the tomatoes might not you know
cooperate that much but if you had
cherry tomatoes I'd be great it'll make
it last longer or just place the
tomatoes separately you know if you're
making it for it to last for a few days
and you know and have it for a quick
snack for lunch I'm sending this to
school for the kids so it's perfect
all I'm going to do is season this with
some salt a little pepper and some olive
oil
I don't know maybe you play it by ear
with the olive oil then as much as you
want so now we're just going to toss
this and it's ready how easy was that
you know you know you got to do some
chopping and whatever but it's worth it
you have a nice healthy meal
so let's taste this for salt and that's
it it's done mmm-hmm this is good huh
huh hmm okay
I'm gonna plate this so here's our
little pasta salad guys it is full of
all kinds of good stuff you know you can
add parsley you can add cilantro
you could add even some of the celery's
leaves to this you could add bell
peppers to this I didn't put any in
because one of the kids hates them so
whatever um you know you can put all
kinds of stuff in here Ross zucchini
that's always all you know good this is
very versatile as I said if you wanted
to keep this for a few days keep the
tomato separate so they don't get all
mushy and little clusters in there yeah
all right my friends this recipe will be
on the left side waiting for you to come
and print it make sure you check out all
our other salads and pasta recipes we
have a lot of them you well my friends
without going broke I'm going to see you
guys soon